Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap.
Today, I'm going to give you an overview of
the 2015 American post apocalyptic horror
drama film called 'Maggie'.
The film is directed by Henry Hobson and stars
Arnold Schwarzenegger, Abigail Breslin and
Joely Richardson.
Maggie is a drastic change for Schwarzenegger,
who is most recognised for his appearances
in action films.
Warning: there will be spoilers ahead, so
please proceed with caution.
In today's Midwestern United States, civilization
is struggling to operate in the aftermath
of a zombie outbreak that is barely under
control (Necroambulism).
Maggie Vogel (Abigail Breslin) calls her father
from a broken city under curfew; her voicemail
begs him not to look for her and expresses
her love for him.
Her arm had been bitten.
She fled home to protect her family, knowing
she only had a few weeks until the 'Necroambulist
virus' turned her cannibalistic.
Despite Maggie's warning, her father Wade
(Arnold Schwarzenegger) had been searching
for two weeks.
When he finds her in a hospital for the sick,
he brings her home to care for her until she
must be confined.
During their return, Wade is attacked by a
zombie in an abandoned gas station, and he
breaks its neck.
Bobby and Molly, Maggie's younger half-siblings,
are departing to be with their aunt.
Maggie confides in Bobby, who is mainly aware
of what she is going through.
She withdraws from her family, unable to cope
with her bleak condition and unsure whether
to contact her friends.
She fractures a finger on her diseased arm
after falling off a swing, and black goo pours
from it.
Maggie chops off her finger, terrified, even
though she feels little or no pain, and despondent
over her failing body.
She escapes outdoors and comes upon a neighbour,
Nathan, and his little daughter, both of whom
are infected.
Wade kills both zombies but is filled with
sorrow.
The responding sheriff and deputy hold Wade
innocent, blaming Nathan's wife Bonnie for
concealing her sick family from authorities.
Bonnie pays Wade a visit that night, protesting
the inhumane treatment of the afflicted and
disclosing that Nathan had shut himself in
with his young daughter, getting infected
himself, rather than abandoning her to die
among strangers in quarantine.
A compassionate doctor lies to Maggie and
on her medical report about the progression
of her infection, but tells Wade that if he
wants to avoid quarantine, he must euthanize
Maggie himself, either with an exceedingly
painful medication combination or by 'making
it fast.'
Wade and Maggie make the best of their last
days by remembering Maggie's late mother.
Maggie strives to maintain normalcy despite
her physical decline (she is woken by maggots
writhing in her dying arm).
She attends a campfire with high school pals
Allie and Trent, an infected boy Maggie previously
dated and kisses.
He spreads stories about the dreadful circumstances
in the quarantine facility, claiming that
he would die before going there.
Maggie smells food near her stepmother Caroline
one day, but Caroline smells nothing and speculates
that Wade is cooking below.
Caroline discovers, to her dismay, that Maggie
has begun to scent living flesh, in this case
Caroline's, as food.
Trent makes a frantic call to Maggie.
Trent has shut himself inside his bedroom
at home after smelling another person, his
father, and feeling hungry.
Maggie attempts to console him but stands
helpless as the cops take Trent to quarantine.
Maggie returns home and discovers a trapped
fox in the woods.
Later, she comes into her house, frantic and
covered in blood, explaining to her terrified
parents through sobs that she wanted to liberate
the fox but couldn't stop herself from assaulting
it.
Wade dispatches the half-eaten fox.
Caroline walks away, pleading with Wade to
take Maggie away.
Wade fights one of the cops before Maggie
enters, telling them that she has not yet
changed.
The compassionate sheriff departs, reminding
Wade that he must decide what to do with her
before they return to check on Maggie.
Wade shows Maggie white flowers he grew in
her mother's old yard, 'Daisy' being a nickname
he occasionally uses for Maggie.
She thanks him for the beauty of the garden,
but she also asks him to swear that he would
'make it stop' before she deteriorates.
Wade afterwards sits alone with his shotgun,
unwilling to fire it.
When Maggie comes, he pretends to sleep, her
skin greying and her eyes darkened.
She hovers over him, sniffing him and kissing
his forehead, as if on the verge of losing
control.
Maggie exits the house.
Wade loads a shell into the shotgun after
noticing one on the floor.
Maggie has gone to the roof and leaps from
it, her final recollections of herself as
a child playing outside with her mother, picking
a flower.
If you like this movie, click the link in
the description below to watch it today.
I hope you have enjoyed this video.
Hit the like button and subscribe for more
videos.
Have a great day ahead.